Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
How’s it going
with the gardens?
Not so good.
We don’t raise another
80,000 in the next
three weeks, it’s gone.
JAX:
Hey, you got a family.
You got a new wife.
I don’t even know
who you are anymore.
Rafi, Pedro,
get the crew.
They should be with the Sons
to track those putos.
TARA:
I found some of J.T.’s
old letters.
John wanted to end
the relationship
with the Irish,
stop the club
from selling guns.
He was killed before
that meeting happened.
Kill the drug muling,
or I’ll let the rest of the club
read the letters.
The history that Tara
and Piney know,
very dangerous.
Now, we got to stop this
in its tracks.
I was hoping I could
walk you to your car,
bend your ear a bit.
Have him pull a sample
from the load– couple grams.
- If he gets caught,
they’ll kill him.
- That’s the point.
Jesus, you took it?
Back at the warehouse.
Let’s go.
- Here.
- (gunshot)
(screams)
I spotted him pulling
something out of the leaves.
He saw me and he freaked out.
He tried to kill me.
The way you handled
this hard thing with Miles,
I’m proud of you.
You earned this.
(grunting)
(branch cracks)
(body thuds)
(chain rattles)
(gasps, chokes)
(gasping)
(grunting)
(motorcycles approaching)
Oh, shit.
Shit!
(panting)
What the hell, man?
Where is he?
(whistles)
Juice!
Juicy boy!
- There. Hey.
- Hey.
TIG:
What the hell you doing?
Was pissing.
What’s all this shit?
Did you take a spill?
What’s that?
Oswald, man.
He’s got those stupid
security chains
all over these back roads.
(Tig laughs)
You clotheslined one?
Jackass.
Yeah.
We got to go.
JUICE:
What’s up?
Vote.
Drugs?
Change of leadership.
(knocking)
(whispers)
Who is it?
Take the gun,
stay in the back room.
Go.
Sorry about the hour,
Ms. Knowles.
What is it?
We just got a call
from your administrator
over at St. Thomas.
She’s convinced
you did receive
a death threat.
I didn’t take it
seriously.
That’s why I didn’t report it.
Then why did the MC
post someone here
to watch you?
There’s a bike outside.
I’m assuming
he’s somewhere
in the back– armed.
The answer to that question
will require a warrant.
Oh, you really
got it down, don’t you?
(chuckles)
I appreciate
your concern, Sheriff.
Well, it’s more
than concern,
it’s my legal obligation.
So I’m gonna post a unit
outside, and I’ll coordinate
with the hospital security.
(baby cooing)
It’s more than just
your safety at stake.
But I’m sure
you know that.
Sorry to disturb you.
(door opens, closes)
Piney wasn’t gonna proxy
this vote.
He wanted
a front row seat.
You talk to him yet?
No.
So what happens if Bobby
takes this vote?
Short term,
not much he can do.
Pulls us away from Galindo,
risk is too big.
Long term, maybe
Bobby’s a better choice.
You thinking
of going that way?
Not sure.
You’re staying
in Clay’s camp.
Look, I know
it’s dirty, bro.
But he’s getting us whole.
Eventually,
we’re less desperate,
make smarter choices.
Let’s vote this shit.
I’m sorry, son.
I love you, Pop.
I’m with you on this.
Come on. Let’s go.
All right.
There’s a challenge
on the table.
New president.
I don’t think we need
the formalities of nomination.
You want the chair.
I ain’t got no choice.
CLAY: Okay.
Yea or nay.
Bobby taking the gavel.
Nay.
- (automatic gunfire)
- (shouting)
(tires screeching)
(shouts)
Take this!
(grunts)
- Go! Go! Go!
- Come on!
Here’s one.
Don’t move.
Stay down.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Clear this shit
out the way.
OPIE:
Check his ink.
TIG:
Lobo Sonora!
Pendejo.
Shit!
This woke up
the whole hood, man.
Get this asshole
to the res.
Call the gun warehouse,
put them on alert.
I’ll reach out
to Alvarez.
Oh, man. Clay!
This is bad!
Like, bad bad!
What’s is that?
Holy shit.
That’s...
It’s Armando.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
You find out
what he knows.
Bueno.
[ Chibs ]
Hey.
Come on. You and me.
Yeah.
(engine starts)
That bag of heads,
it’s your "get out of drugs
free" card.
What the hell
you talking about?
You tell the cartel we didn’t
sign up for this blood feud,
and you want out.
You think I can just bail
in the middle of this shit?
That’s exactly
what you’re gonna do.
And you’re gonna do it today,
’cause your time is up.
If we’re still in
the drug business tomorrow,
I’m delivering those letters
to the club.
Hey.
Gun warehouse is safe, but the
Mayan tortilla truck got jacked.
Full load of coke
on the way out to dealers.
Three of Alvarez’s guys MIA.
Goddamn it.
These guys
are military sharp.
How’d Tucson
take the news?
BOBBY:
They had assumed the worst.
(sirens approaching)
Oh. Great.
Chocolate rain.
(motorcycle engine starting)
Take this.
Got it.
Go, go.
Hey. Where you going?
The cabin.
Come on, Pop.
Stay here. We need you.
You keep
your head down, boy.
(distant sirens)
(engine starts and revs)
Oh, come on.
(siren sounding)
Okay.
Lickety-split,
lickety-split.
We got it handled.
Handled?
They dumped a bag of heads.
I’m living in goddamn
Juárez here.
Garden fund-raiser’s tonight.
Ain’t gonna be any
fund-raiser after this.
We can’t back out.
We don’t know what the hell
we’re dealing with here, Mom!
This noise is gonna be
all over Charming.
If we hide,
looks like we got
something to hide from.
Fund-raiser shows Charming
the Sons give a shit.
We need that.
Have Phil shadow me.
Take a grenade
to get past him.
No. Tig.
He’s the only one I trust
to keep you safe.
JAX: Shit.
All right.
Lock it down!
Let me guess.
You smell smoke.
No. Bullets.
And based on all the calls
and the looks of the clubhouse,
I’m guessing they were
of the automatic variety.
Yeah, we noticed that.
Glad you’re here.
Feel safer already.
- You have any idea
who it was?
- Nope.
I don’t like to point
fingers, but, uh,
Dezerian Motor Works,
Tenth Street–
They’ve been kind of pissed off
at us since we expanded
our custom bike business.
Disgruntled mechanics?
Mm.
Armenians.
Very unstable people.
Well, I really
appreciate your cooperation,
but we’ll still have to conduct
a full investigation.
Knock yourself out.
You know, I really hope
this attack doesn’t have...
anything to do with the threat
on Dr. Knowles.
The hospital confirmed it.
Tara and I had another chat
this morning.
You know, you have
a beautiful family, Jax.
Be really sad to see
their daddy catch a bullet.
Yeah. It would be.
Do you have kids?
No.
You really should.
It’s good to have
a reason not to die.
Your compound
is a crime scene.
Lock it down,
and stay the hell
out of my way.
(man shouts)
Tara’s fine.
I just talked to her.
She’s on her way to work.
Rat’s with her.
You take care of her.
Always.
Let’s get out of here.
Bye, beautiful.
(rock music playing)
Hey.
You got to clear out of here.
This is a crime scene.
Hey, I’m talking to you.
Making chili
for the fund-raiser.
I don’t give a shit.
Let’s go.
Let him
make the chili.
Stay in this kitchen,
you hear?
Yes, sir.
ROOSEVELT:
Hey. Turn that music off.
He hasn’t said a word.
You sure you didn’t
cut out his tongue?
Not yet.
And I’m running out of ideas.
(vehicle approaching)
Galindo.
(speaking Spanish)
You told us we didn’t
have to worry stateside.
Lobo had no northern networks.
They don’t.
What’s our guest saying?
CHIBS:
Nada.
He’s definitely Lobo.
Ex-military, infantry.
HAPPY:
What’s that for?
Sodium Pentothal.
It’ll get him talking.
(speaking Spanish)
That Lobo says there’s
a rat in your crew
with roots in Nogales.
He’s a lying puta, ése.
It don’t matter
Mayan or Son.
That bitch is dead.
That guy
is full of shit, man.
No, he’s full of truth serum,
and if he says the Lobo is
getting intel from a Mayan,
then he’s not lying.
CLAY:
A Mayan with family
in Nogales.
Now, who would that be,
Marcus?
Pedro.
That Pedro?
Scumbag was in my clubhouse.
That’s how they knew
where to hit us.
(speaking Spanish)
- Hold on.
- RAFI: Hey.
(speaks Spanish)
Look, if Pedro
is the pipeline to Lobo,
then let’s feed him
something useful.
Our guns.
We’ll tell ’em
we’re moving them
out of Cali tomorrow,
that we’re storing
them here tonight.
Then you and your guys
take ’em down.
LUIS: That soldier says
there’s about 25 Lobos local.
I only have four other men
with me. I’ll need support.
Oh, Jesus.
We’re not exactly
an infantry unit, bro.
Well, you will be,
because make no mistake,
gentlemen.
We’re at war.
(indistinct chatter)
Come on, brother.
Alvarez is gonna
bait the hook–
Let Pedro know the guns
will be here at 8:00.
All right, I’m gonna put
the prospects on the warehouse,
pull Tacoma into this.
I’m gonna cancel
the fund-raiser.
No, man.
It’s good you be there.
Puts us somewhere else
if this gets noisy.
CLAY: I know every thought
that’s going through your head
right now.
But we got to roll
as one into this.
Otherwise, we’re all dead.
Yeah, I know.
You’ll get your
leadership vote.
Let’s hope there’s
someone left standing
to lead.
(sighing)
I’m gonna
ride out to Mary’s,
see my kids.
That’s good, man.
Where’s Piney?
Tequila retreat.
Cabin.
I’ll take a ride out,
check in on him.
Appreciate it.
I’m sorry, man.
I never thought muling
would lead to this shit.
I know.
We’re in it now,
brother.
Got to get it done,
move past it.
Yeah.
CANE: Hey?
That chili ready yet?
No. It’s got to simmer
for, like, a long time.
No, it’s simmered enough.
Give me two bowls of it.
(motorcycles approaching)
Hey.
Thought you were
in surgery today.
I’ve been pulled.
Apparently, the hospital feels
my presence there is a threat.
Ah, shit.
(sighs)
Am I crazy, Gemma?
Why do I believe him when
he says it’ll get better?
’Cause he means it.
No one saw this coming,
baby.
I hate this shit, too.
I’m trying this
his way.
I really am.
I know you are.
So does Jax.
We pull through,
and we stick it out.
That’s what family does.
Come on.
Let’s go check on my chili.
What do you think, good?
Yeah, it’s good.
Good chili.
CHUCK:
Uh, excuse me.
I’ll be right back.
Hey, uh, hang on, Gemma.
Hang on.
It’s not ready.
- Gemma, hey!
- Hey.
Did you follow the recipe?
I had to add
a few things of my own.
I can see that.
Is it spicy?
Uh, very.
Actually made my eyes burn.
Wow.
May have gotten in
over my head.
Yeah, well, you know,
it’s an old family recipe.
It’s a delicate process.
I probably should’ve
made it myself.
Uh, why don’t you take it up
to the reservation?
I think Happy
likes it that hot.
Yeah.
I accept that.
Elliott.
Bring me out here
to pick flowers?
(laughs)
Something like that.
Town needs 75K
to save this place.
So I hear.
You and me
are gonna cover it.
What the hell
are you talking about?
Charming needs
a hero, Elliott.
Hale’s backing
on Charming Heights
is gonna fall apart.
Next time the eminent domain
vote comes before city council,
it’s got to lose.
You promised me you
wouldn’t shit on this,
Clay.
We sway public opinion
against Hale.
He loses the 99 on-ramp, and all
that land reverts back to you.
We all win.
Hale will just find
another way.
Two-year term.
He’s already spent a year
funneling policy
into his own pocket.
These people ain’t stupid.
Where you going
with this?
I ain’t going anywhere.
That’s the point.
I know who I am,
what I do.
Keeping Charming
the way it is,
that’s what
I get out of this.
I got no agenda here.
I just want my town back.
Think about it.
I’ll see you later.
PINEY:
Well, well, well.
You on task or is this
a, uh, social call?
I’m just checking in.
I’m fine.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I know you and Clay have
been going at it over this
whole cartel thing.
You don’t know
anything.
(door opens)
(sighs)
Look, I get it.
You’re pissed.
I’m just trying
to tell you
my side of it.
Do you have
a side anymore?
Okay.
I’m sorry.
For ten years,
I gave up on this club.
Rode my limit just
to keep the patch.
And then you came up.
You reminded me so much of John.
Just...
It felt like maybe our idea
still had a chance.
Well, I’m not
my old man.
Oh, I’m very clear
on that now.
You need to rip him
off the pedestal, Piney.
J.T. bailed on all of us.
You trying to tell me
you didn’t know
about Maureen Ashby?
About Trinity?
Maureen was
a distraction.
But when your brother
took a turn for the worse,
your dad was right back here.
Yeah, damage
already done.
We all do damage.
Character’s determined
by how we repair it.
Well, J.T. didn’t
repair much.
He didn’t have
a chance. You do!
I’m fixing what matters!
You know, my old man
was right about one thing.
This club has lost its way.
And I thought I was the guy
that was gonna change that.
And then I realized
that that arrogance,
that that belief
that one man can change it,
is what drove my old man
into the ground.
Defeat is not
what killed your father!
I don’t want to hear
about history!
I’m taking care of
what’s in front of me.
You and Clay both.
This isn’t about Clay.
It’s about me.
It’s about me figuring out
what I got to do today that
keeps me alive tomorrow.
This ain’t about
the club, Piney.
It’s about my family.
(Piney chuckles)
I won’t tell you
how much you just sounded
like your old man.
Your father was...
He was the best man
I ever knew.
And before you let him die,
you should find him...
and know that for yourself.
♪ I go to sleep
I’m with a dream lover ♪
♪ And when I wake up,
there’ll be no other ♪
♪ ’Cause I know love
when I feel it ♪
♪ There’s no use trying
to conceal it ♪
♪ Close my eyes and I... ♪♪
Hey. Are you okay?
This was a waste of time.
Oh, come on.
That’s not true.
No, it was grandiose of me
to think I could pull this off.
No, you went with your gut.
You did something because
you knew it was right.
Created tension
between you and the mayor.
Well, you know,
that’s my favorite part.
I love getting under
that guy’s skin.
Mrs. Roosevelt?
Excuse me.
What?
Uh, I was hoping I could
say a few words to the folks,
make a formal donation.
Family friendly. I promise.
Sure.
Yeah?
It’s okay.
That went well.
Okay. Be cool.
(groaning)
(man Speaking Spanish)
(groans)
My wife grew up
in this town.
It became my home 31 years ago.
I love Charming.
I know some of you have
an opinion about my club.
You think maybe
we overstayed our welcome.
But ask yourself this.
What’s worse?
A few broken windows,
some fighting now and again,
or bulldozers gutting
the heart of your town?
Sons of Anarchy have always
stood up for Charming.
We pride ourselves in knowing
that we’ve kept this town
tight-knit,
supported and protected
small business owners.
Charming Heights is
the beginning of the end.
Sooner or later, your businesses
are gonna end up just like
this garden–
hanging on by a thread,
hoping, praying
for the charity of others.
Tonight,
I offer that charity.
Two checks.
$75,000.
(cheering, applause)
Nice. Nice.
One of those checks is
from me, so I know
what you’re thinking.
Blood money, probably stole it.
It’s okay.
You can think that.
But the other check comes
from a man...
who believes in this town
even more than I do.
A man whose family has pumped
lifeblood into this community
for almost 50 years.
So, if you can’t thank me,
you should definitely thank him.
The guy who should be mayor.
- Elliott Oswald.
- (cheering, applause)
Right there.
(vehicles approaching)
Yo.
Got two vehicles.
Wait for my signal.
Conmigo.
Hey. Hey.
Come on.
JAX: One of them’s leaving.
(engine revving)
(whistling)
That’s Luis.
(speaking Spanish)
(men speaking Spanish)
(man)
Where’d they go?
Check it.
Empty.
LUIS: No one on
the perimeter.
What the hell is this?
BOBBY:
Trojan tortilla?
CHIBS:
That’s got
to be rigged.
This thing will blow us
all to hell.
Where’s Pedro?
Ándale.
Open it.
Step back.
Back. Back!
(speaking Spanish)
BOBBY: Jesus.
Jesus Christ.
How the hell did
they know that we were
waiting for ’em?
Pedro never
left our sight.
JAX: Yeah.
Looks like the competition’s
one step ahead.
(grunts, groaning)
(groaning)
(crickets chirping)
CLAY:
Sent Samtaz
the rest of Armando.
Luis is sending more guys.
Be here tomorrow.
Gonna keep Tacoma
at the warehouse.
Shit.
This is
for Galindo to fix.
We’ll get Romeo
up here, clean it up.
Good.
Gonna head back to
the warehouse with Tacoma.
I won’t be able to sleep.
Yeah.
Okay.
(motorcycle engines starting)
It’s just a matter
of time before
it hurts our kids.
I’d never
let that happen.
I’m sorry.
I have to go.
I have to
get them out of here.
I know.
I thought I knew
what we were getting into.
We’re in over our head.
There’s a...
conference up at...
Providence Hospital in Oregon,
day after tomorrow.
They’re interested in me.
You should go.
Take Elyda, bring
the boys with you.
Just stay there
until things calm down here.
Then we’ll figure it out.
(Tara sighs)
What about Gemma?
Tell her the truth.
You’re protecting our family.
(phone ringing)
Hey, baby.
Where are you?
Heading home.
You okay?
Yeah.
The thing
with the cartel?
Yeah, we’re still
working it.
Uh, I’m gonna stay
at the clubhouse, try to figure
some of this shit out.
You want me to come by?
Nah. I’m gonna lock down
in the chapel.
I need the quiet.
Okay.
Love you.
Love you, too.
You okay?
Yeah.
(inhales sharply)
Take me home, Tiggy.
(branch snaps)
Oh, shit.
(Juice sighs)
You scared me, man.
(chain clinking)
Jesus! What the hell
are you doing?
You coward!
(sobbing)
Get up. Come on.
Get up.
Come on.
All right.
(Juice crying)
Come on, boy. Come on.
♪♪ (country)
(knocking)
Either pull the trigger
or let me in.
Give me the nine.
And the boot.
There.
You got something to tell me?
Shit went down today.
Things got complicated
with Galindo.
I’m gonna need more time.
More time, more death.
Yeah, I’m trying to do
the right thing here.
The right thing
for you.
That’s all you’ve ever done
at the head of that table.
Lead by greed.
Well,
if you hated me so much,
why’d you sponsor me?
Patch me in?
(Piney laughs)
Because back then,
you could be trusted.
Oh.
And so now
I’m supposed to trust you?
These, um, poignant letters
you’re supposed to have–
what’s to prevent you
from showing them even after
I kill the cartel deal?
That’s a risk
you’re gonna have to take.
(Clay sighs)
Okay.
I’ll call Romeo.
But if there’s retaliation,
that blood’s on your hands.
(Piney yells, groans)
Where are the letters?
(Piney grunts)
Where did you put ’em?
(Piney groaning)
They’re not here.
Where are they?!
(Piney groans)
Tara still got ’em?
(stammering)
How would Tara know?
She’s the one
that gave ’em to you.
You don’t think I knew that,
old man?
Just leave her
out of it, huh?
Too late.
(grunts, guttural gasping)
♪ Well, the wasted part of me ♪
♪ This troubled soul hard ♪
♪ And the wasted part of you
is your half filled-up heart ♪
♪ We been rollin’ and rollin’
Honey, all our lives through ♪
♪ Still drunk,
still crazy, still blue ♪
♪ I’m still drunk,
still crazy ♪
♪ I’m still blue ♪♪